c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Laceshop.dll.config
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Laceshop.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Laceshop.pdb
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\businesslogic.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\cms.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\controls.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Examine.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ImageProcessor.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ImageProcessor.Web.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\interfaces.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MiniProfiler.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Semver.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\TidyNet.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Core.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.editorControls.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.providers.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\UmbracoExamine.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewriter.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\cms.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\controls.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Examine.pdb
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\interfaces.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.csproj.App.config
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.dll
c:\users\niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.pdb
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Our.Umbraco.Ditto.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Our.Umbraco.Ditto.ModelFactory.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Core.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Examine.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Web.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Examine.pdb
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Zone.UmbracoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Niclas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaceShop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Laceshop.dll.config
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Laceshop.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Laceshop.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\businesslogic.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\cms.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\controls.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Examine.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ImageProcessor.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ImageProcessor.Web.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\interfaces.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\log4net.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Core.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Examine.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Web.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MiniProfiler.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MySql.Data.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Our.Umbraco.Ditto.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Our.Umbraco.Ditto.ModelFactory.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Semver.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\TidyNet.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Core.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.editorControls.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.providers.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\UmbracoExamine.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewriter.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Zone.UmbracoMapper.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\businesslogic.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\cms.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\controls.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Examine.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\interfaces.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Core.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Examine.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Merchello.Web.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.csproj.App.config
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.pdb
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\obj\Debug\Laceshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Core.dll
D:\Projects\Laceshop\Laceshop\bin\Core.pdb
